Where is the Son of Heaven going? Hahaha.
Come on, you let me go
I worship you as Saint Martial Emperor
how
Yang Fan, you can be on an equal footing with me
9 women are all yours
It's a big week for you and me
How to share
I can obviously have the world to myself
Why should I share it with you?
Do you match Yang Fan?
Why are you driving me to a dead end?
Oh God can't kneel
Kneel and you're done
Shut up. You're not allowed to talk
I still say that
If you want to solve the curse
It had to change.
I must toast with you
There's no need for it.
Yavan forgives others and forgives others
Has sucked away the essence of the cloud
Won't you let us go?
Everything has a cause and effect
You burn and steal wine
Life on the Kyushu Continent
It's you who pushed yourself into this abyss
Yes, the soul can't be destroyed
We ruined our luck.
Buried future?
It's all you
You losers
Who asked you to kneel and beg for the top?
You bitch
All because of you
Nan Fan no no
Zhu Sheng, I was wrong.
I beg you to give me a chance
Give back my face
I would like to be a cow and a horse
I listen to you
I gave you a chance
But instead, you will avenge your kindness and revenge more than one day of high school
My Feng family is willing to accept the ancestral blame, and the royal family is willing to
My Sun family wants my Li family
Willing to accept ancestral responsibility
My Chen family is also willing
Let me go
Let go of me hahaha
Hahahahaha is he crazy?
Why are you laughing?
Liangzi
You forced me
It's better if you don't call me
I won't make you feel better either
Didn't you just want to marry Jin Yuan back?
Then I'll destroy those 6 gold dollars
Hahahahaha